hey guys what is up um a few people had
asked me about what was going to be on
iOS 6.1 when it is released so I thought
I'd make this video and just kind of
clarify and tell you it's gonna be on it
follow me on twitter at jb underscore
iphone 5
alright sorry I apologize I have a
little cold right now so I was 6.1
what's expected to be on it is not a
whole lot of new feature it's just a few
touch-ups but bug fixes from that
standpoint they random reboot fix is
going to be on there because my phone
does that all the time it'll randomly
just restart just takes a couple seconds
but it randomly does it all the time
another thing is it's going to fix your
Wi-Fi and cellular connectivity I know
specifically I have had trouble with
that on six point 0 point one on my
iphone 5 Wi-Fi just it goes it's really
patch even though I have good Wi-Fi and
also my cellular connection gets its
kind of messed up at the same time too
and originally I thought it was my
phone's problem so I brought to Apple
they're like update 610 point2 and I was
like nope yep cuz I'm gonna go ahead and
wait for that jailbreak right but yeah
they talking about they're gonna add a
few more little tweaks on 6.1 not a
hundred percent sure it is I know for a
fact they said they're going to add a
better battery life kind of an energy
saver type thing to it but we're not
completely sure but when to expect this
jailbreak with their thinking maybe
beginning to mid-january few of the
jailbreakers like ionic also said
expecting an end of 2012 beginning of
2013 so when that does come out go ahead
and update or probably go ahead and
update to that they're saying that's
going to be probably their most ideal
for the jailbreak is 6.1 so hoping that
will roll out soon and we can get that
Joe broken and on our iPhone 5s so thank
you for watching and we'll see you later